# MobileProject1

1. Ideally, the specifications that I’d give the Health-Dev framework would be to add specific heart/respiratory sensors like ECG sensor or add the ability to connect Bluetooth to separate devices. If the phone doesn’t have as precise accelerometers, gyroscopes, or gps’s then bluetooth would be able to take the readings from the watch and display them to the user in any format. Allow voice control to possibly control when workouts happen, log stress symptoms, etc. 
2. Depending on the resources given, the model can be improved by logging data over long periods of time and assessing what makes positive or negative impact on the user and by requesting for proper information, we can infer these results. For example if the app wants to help a user’s running pace, maybe they will request the user to slow down on inclines hills or take breaks based on previously traveled paths. If we notice a user is stressed before work we can recommend taking a walk or doing activities in preparation to destress the user. 
3. My views of mobile app development has changed as I never had to work with sensors or understand them necessarily. Health dev is interesting to me because it simplifies what might be required within a project and generates not only the sensor code but also the code to manipulate what was generated. It’s different from desktop computing as the only input are keyboard, mouse, maybe a form of audio. But smartphones have much more in a compact system. Not only using the hardware actively but manipulating the data received from the hardware in different ways to produce a positive result for the user. Additionally, it is not only the input, but the presentation and method of storage, that is all dependent on how the application is implemented where it seems much more consolidated.
